docs: add BUILDING.md (#59)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-sdk: BUILDING.md

# Building the Bottlerocket SDK

> If you'd like to build your own images instead of relying on those available on ECR Public, follow these steps.

Reviewer: I think we should point to where they are in the README.

Note, however. that the README doesn't say where they are. I think the README should be updated to include a link to the ECR Public landing page for the Bottlerocket SDK. I recommend adding a commit to the this PR adding such a link to the README.

```suggestion
If you'd like to build your own images instead of relying on the published images, follow these steps.
```

## Build the images

### Dependencies

#### System Requirements

The build process images can consume in excess of 40GB in the docker directory.

> The build process is also fairly demanding on your CPU, since we build all included software from scratch.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
The build process is also fairly demanding on your CPU since we build all included software from scratch.
```

Docker's [post-installation steps for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/) will walk you through that.

You'll also need to enable `experimental features` by editing Docker's `daemon.json` and setting  `experimental` to `true`.
This is necessary because builds rely on Docker's experimental `squash` feature.

> Note: If you're on a newer Linux distribution using the unified cgroup hierarchy with cgroups v2, you may need to disable it to work with some versions of runc.
> You'll know this is the case if you see an error like `docker: Error response from daemon: OCI runtime create failed: this version of runc doesn't work on cgroups v2: unknown.`
> Set the kernel parameter `systemd.unified_cgroup_hierarchy=0` in your boot configuration (e.g. GRUB) and reboot.

### Build process

To build the images, run:

```
make ARCH=my-target-arch-here
```

One thing to keep in mind is the difference between the container host architecture and target architecture (the `ARCH` argument being for target arch).
If you plan on building for each architecture, you will want to build each target architecture on each host architecture.

> In other words, you’ll want to do `make ARCH=x86_64` and `make ARCH=aarch64` on an **x86_64** machine and an **aarch64** machine for a total of four builds.

Reviewer: This edit reads a little more clearly to me.

```suggestion
In other words, you’ll want to do `make ARCH=x86_64` and `make ARCH=aarch64` on an **x86_64** machine and again on an **aarch64** machine for a total of four builds.
```

## Use your images

To use your custom built SDK and toolchain, you will need to modify the `Makefile.toml` in the top-level of your Bottlerocket OS repo.

Replace `BUILDSYS_SDK_VERSION` and `BUILDSYS_REGISTRY` to match what you have built/published.
If you changed your SDK’s name you will also need also change `BUILDSYS_SDK_IMAGE` and `BUILDSYS_TOOLCHAIN` further down the toml file.

From there, you will be able to [build Bottlerocket](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/BUILDING.md).

## Publish your images

To publish your images, you will have to create repositories for the SDK and toolchain images, once again specifying the target architecture:

- my-custom-bottlerocket-sdk-aarch64
- my-custom-bottlerocket-sdk-x86_64
- my-custom-bottlerocket-toolchain-aarch64

> - my-custom-bottlerocket-toolchain-x86_64

Reviewer: Lines 77 and 78 are good, but 70-75 might be untrue. I'm assuming you could put them into a single repository if you so choose using different tags. Does Makefile.toml assume this repository naming structure? If so it might help to clarify the reason for the naming convention and repo structure.

Author: The repository structure above is what we use today. You could certainly change it up, but I think for the purposes of this guide it should be closer to how we publish our own images.

Reviewer: > you will have to create repositories for the SDK and toolchain images

Why?

I suggest rewording it somehow. When we publish pushing code then it will make more sense I suppose but for now I'm just wondering what is going to break if I don't do this since you said I *have to*.
